[Music]
on Isla Sorna an island off the coast to
rican coast a young girl wanders around
during a family vacation and survives an
attack by a swarm of Compsognathus her
parents file a lawsuit against the
genetics company in djenne now headed by
John Hammonds nephew Peter Ludlow who
plans to use Isla Sorna to alleviate the
financial losses imposed by the incident
that occurred at Jurassic Park four
years earlier mathematician dr. Ian
Malcolm meets Hammond at his mansion
Hammond explains that Isla Sorna
abandoned years earlier during a
hurricane because we're engine created
there dinosaurs before moving them to
Jurassic Park on Isla Nublar Hammond
hopes to stop in djenne by sending a
team to Isla Sorna to document the
dinosaurs thus causing public support
against human interference on the island
Ian who survived the Jurassic Park
disaster is reluctant after learning
that his girlfriend paleontologist dr.
Sarah Harding is part of the team and is
already on Isla Sorna Ian agrees to go
to the island but only to retrieve her
Ian meets his teammates Eddie Carr an
equipment specialist an engineer and
Nick van Owen a video documentarian and
activist after arriving on the island
they locate Sarah and discover that
Ian's daughter Kelly had stowed away in
the trailer being used as a mobile base
they then watches another Engine team
consisting of mercenaries hunters
paleontologists and Peter Ludlow arrived
to capture several dinosaurs meanwhile
team leader Roland Tembo a big-game
hunter hopes to capture a male
Tyrannosaurus by luring it to the cries
of its injured infant that night Ian's
team sneaked Edith Indian camp and
learned the captured dinosaurs will be
brought to a newly proposed theme park
in San Diego this prompts Nick and Sarah
to free the caged dinosaurs wreaking
havoc upon the camp Nick also frees the
infant t-rex and takes it to the trailer
to mend its broken leg after securing
Callie with Eddie ian realizes the
infant's parents are searching for it
and rushes to the trailer as soon as ian
arrives the infant's parents emerge on
both sides of the trailer the infant is
released to the adults ear X's which
then attacked the trailer pushing it
over the edge of a nearby cliff head he
soon arrives but as he tries to pull the
trailer back over the edge with an SUV
the adult t-rex has returned and devour
him the trailer and the SUV plummet off
the cliff Ian Sarah and Nick are rescued
by the engine team along with Kelly with
both groups communications equipment and
vehicles destroyed they team up to
search for the old engine compounds
radio station on foot
dieter a men
of the engine hunter team is killed by a
pack of Compsognathus the next night the
two adults see Rex's find the group's
camp as they had followed the infant's
blood scent on Sara's jacket
the female t-rex chases the group to a
waterfall cave and devours the hunter
team's dinosaur expert dr. Robert Burke
while Roland tranquilizes the male much
of the remaining engine team is killed
by velociraptors while fleeing through
an elephant grass field Nick runs ahead
to the communication center at the
Indian workers village to call for
rescue after Ian Sara and Kelly reached
the village they evade Raptors until a
helicopter arrives and transports them
off the island
a freighter ship transport to the male
t-rex to San Diego but crashes into the
dock after finding the ship's crew
killed a guard opens the cargo hold
accidentally releasing the t-rex which
escapes into the city and goes on a
destructive rampage Ian and Sara
retrieved the infant t-rex from engines
unfinished Jurassic Park San Diego
facility and use it to lure the adult
back to the ship Ludlow tries to
intervene but is trapped in the cargo
hold by the adult t-rex and is
subsequently mauled to death by the
infant before the adult can escape again
Sara tranquilizes it while Ian closes
the cargo hold doors the t-rex is are
escorted back to Isla Sorna and Hammond
says that the American and Costa Rican
governments have agreed to declare the
island and nature preserve securing the
island from any human interference while
Ian sets safe at home with his family
the t-rex's are seen grazing with their
infant as hammond affirms life will find
a way
[Music]